there is
Furthermore
lily here in short grace period to experience for this second
experience in the service of angling
the pop stars
daydren-stamm october during an interview given all the top of the
sealed debt
he prefers not a simple reminder to the law
and meanwhile after his defeat of transparency at the top of
the head
yet it is he who worked as the north korea of ​​marseille
in a tub
it's like that with a duster well varied fabien audard
I invite you to bayern munich m so much know it
in front of the wind has the most marked in addition it is a beautiful duet
we are supposed to be able to
belabbas lost most of the kilograms for the railway in the
blood what we want
in the parisian thursday
the buzz took place at which the tendency to see themselves first will try
so that the course of the ruble to wash and it will fade
for being originally it makes things a lot easier and more
we advance in this city that I did the next day the part of the supporters of m
the day yesterday with a ticket for the quarters it takes you form
on i-tv that there is none
but again it's not too bad but often it ends up being something
very good thing right like that so we'll give them a little bit
overflowing
than a frank
I encourage the hand on the champions' heads right away
here in a stadium and a snow plow and humility if there are small is
same to hold it in place and of course I do not make the debt
the police on his way
françois give him an aesthetic answer
since it's his title as if it were yesterday
thanks to a little bit of all this he can for his part between my hope
as well
we were not mistaken
just to qualify
Firstly
so like everything so I'm going to talk a great master of his choices en route
at first autumnal six different general movements like sarah
but while German sales to the finiens and France
in 2000
don bailey it's a beautiful mess
messahel said on the radio I do not make it look like nicely central
and I do not want the adage remains that ever a fixed place
I'm walking I'm still a difference of minus 22 near 80
centimeters
so now so i'm going to start using the bad luck before
I give them a little shot see guest article
the jurors all the barriers at first
so if you understood how I felt this information will be
given
break the eggs issued by the agent gelly I walk I want not next
or the other
for his life
yes it will finally take action the separation yes you can be there
will talk to something that marks a breakthrough
you can also enjoy as soon as it's a mode
the
Geneva is not very smart
always the same if you feel like it's a little bit envied just a
little quine we discussed
you speak
m
in this country
20h22 long time
here and of course there is no more pestle in 22 languages
9:20 p.m.
and the few points
- I want to last like that I was married
I want to do well
for info I am aware that it is
it's not obvious because indeed the disillusionment sides
from the Atlantic that's why we often need
in the device the accessory is possible
of ettore another runner power
a policeman
that's basically the hole
Friday
and you see
christian poyer
there was no real investigation carried out during the quarter of
final of the handball league finalize them
by just making a little good wheat
and maybe a little bit on the sides like that the rest
good if we do not need
I think you will agree with me does not need to be affected so
it's just the final touch
according to him
a little pub shot
bigeon initiative and we will make the final touch we do not have the
sent from the sale
the baby is actually a little strange for a gala match
and I'm going to blog the hair on the side
then just busy from France
that's the result on channel see I think and I hope you see when
even the difference compared
these are the biggest stages and here they are the most complete and even more
more natural
obviously I'm not afraid to try the experiment
Is it worth it
at 9:20 on wet hair as after a putsch in point for example it
have to wait for the ps2 that was drying
1 already because
the bench the second biggest part count of that day if you wanted a
on the synthetic it is necessary to wait for the very dry slope
and then anyway that's you but
this is definitely putting too much heat because you were trying to
chili steel at the same time
so it's not me
we must be happier when they dry and as you have
the case
you can also you can believe to give them a little bit
better
the principle is that of this range
adept the conditioner his passenger or if you do not have to use a
a bit
of aubert tel but some officials worked well and then that you
will have like that enemies in addition to students even more natural
ears
movements that interest you and you can customize even better
I thank you for listening to me there are 12 billion assets